More precise Debezium connector info (#1338)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/whats-new.adoc

For more information, including tutorials for Java and Docker, see xref:maintain-cluster:enterprise-rest-api.adoc[].

== Debezium support updated

> With the {enterprise-product-name} Hazelcast Platform 5.5 you can now use Debezium 2.x source. This connector is now included in the full distribution of Hazelcast {enterprise-product-name} and replaces old Debezium 1.9 connector. For more information, see xref:integrate:cdc-connectors.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Hazelcast Platform 5.5, with {enterprise-product-name} you can now use Debezium 2.x sources. This connector is included in the full distribution of Hazelcast {enterprise-product-name} and replaces the old Debezium 1.9 connector. For more information, see xref:integrate:cdc-connectors.adoc[].
```
